docs: update file-logger garbled faq (#8921)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/FAQ.md

    prefix: "/apisix"
```

## Why is the file-logger logging garbled?

> If you are using the `file-logger` plugin and you are getting garbled log files, it may be because your upstream response is returning a compressed response body. You can fix this by bringing the request header with no compressed response parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the `file-logger` plugin but getting garbled logs, one possible reason is your upstream response has returned a compressed response body. You can fix this by setting the request header with no compressed response parameters.
```
